Add Quarto support (#36)
satokaz/vscode-markdown-header-coloring: README.md

## Requirements

> * This extension only applies to markdown and Quarto documents.

Reviewer: See configurability comment
```suggestion
* This extension only applies to markdown-formatted documents, and is not guaranteed to work on other file formats.
```
